README.us.md, before:

<a href="/README.md">Português Brasileiro</a>
  ·
<a href="/README.us.md">English</a>

# Oi, eu sou o Felipe Vahia Malliagros <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/hvRJCLFzcasrR4ia7z/giphy.gif" height="30px"> !

Sou Felipe, 22 anos e moro no Rio de Janeiro, capital.

Estudei exatamente metade da graduação em engenharia civil e resolvi mudar de carreira. Como adoro lógica e resolução de problemas, só gostava as matérias relacionadas à matemática, o que foi uma das coisas que me fez perceber que estava na profissão errada.

Por mais que eu tenha conhecimento de frontend, pretendo me especializar em desenvolvimento de backend, então atualmente estou estudando na Trybe e aprendendo outras tecnologias por conta própria. Iniciarei a graduação em ciência da computação em agosto, onde pretendo construir bases sólidas para me tornar um excelente profissional no futuro.

## 🌎 Me encontre por aí

[💼 LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/felipe-vahia-malliagros/) <br>
:mailbox: felipevahia@gmail.com <br>
:telephone_receiver: +55 (21) 99189-8546

## 🛠️ Hard Skills

<div style="display: inline_block">
  <img align="center" alt="felipemalli-Js" height="30" width="100" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black">
  <img align="center" alt="felipemalli-Ts" height="30" width="100" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white">
  <img align="center" alt="felipemalli-React" height="30" width="100" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB">
  <img align="center" alt="felipemalli-HTML" height="30" width="100" src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/7a6cbdfb7f27165fd8e8a8a802b424a3ed61bee3583af3fb905e598f714ef9ad/68747470733a2f2f696d672e736869656c64732e696f2f62616467652f2d48544d4c2d4533344632363f7374796c653d666f722d7468652d6261646765266c6f676f3d68746d6c35266c6f676f436f6c6f723d7768697465">
  <img align="center" alt="felipemalli-CSS" height="30" width="100" src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/2a110c99be16f2df1956a169a270f4084e7a346f1c5f7b8cacdee39839520498/68747470733a2f2f696d672e736869656c64732e696f2f62616467652f2d4353532d3135373242363f7374796c653d666f722d7468652d6261646765266c6f676f3d63737333266c6f676f436f6c6f723d7768697465">
  <img align="center" alt="felipemalli-NodeJS" height="30" width="100" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-43853D?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white">
  <img align="center" alt="felipemalli-Express" height="30" width="100" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white">
  <img align="center" alt="felipemalli-MySQL" height="30" width="100" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-005C84?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white">
  <img align="center" alt="felipemalli-Docker" height="30" width="100" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white">
  <img align="center" alt="felipemalli-Redux" height="30" width="100" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Redux-593D88?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white">
  <img align="center" alt="felipemalli-Mocha" height="30" width="100" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Mocha-8D6748?style=for-the-badge&logo=Mocha&logoColor=white">
  <img align="center" alt="felipemalli-Chai" height="30" width="100" src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/29e2e570d5070876a8caeae59e4b26b45a3525559d81d17d5f2893f7da93e029/68747470733a2f2f696d672e736869656c64732e696f2f62616467652f436861692d6637653963383f7374796c653d666f722d7468652d6261646765266c6f676f3d6d6f636861266c6f676f436f6c6f723d613834643435">
  <img align="center" alt="felipemalli-Jest" height="30" width="100" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Jest-C21325?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=white">
  <img align="center" alt="felipemalli-Sequelize" height="30" width="100" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Sequelize-52B0E7?style=for-the-badge&logo=Sequelize&logoColor=white">
   <img align="center" alt="felipemalli-NestJS" height="30" width="100" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/nestjs-E0234E?style=for-the-badge&logo=nestjs&logoColor=white">
   <img align="center" alt="felipemalli-Prisma" height="30" width="100" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Prisma-3982CE?style=for-the-badge&logo=Prisma&logoColor=white">
   <img align="center" alt="felipemalli-MongoDB" height="30" width="100" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-4EA94B?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white"><br>

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/felipemalli">
  <br>
    <img align="center" height="140em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=felipemalli&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=nord" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/felipemalli">
    <img align="center" height="140em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=felipemalli&hide=css&langs_count=8&theme=nord&layout=compact" />
  </a>
</div>

Commit message:

doc: change us to ptbr

README.us.md, after:

<a href="/README.md">Português Brasileiro</a>
  ·
<a href="/README.us.md">English</a>

# Hey, I'm Felipe Vahia Malliagros <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/hvRJCLFzcasrR4ia7z/giphy.gif" height="30px"> !

I'm Felipe, 22 years old and live in Rio de Janeiro, capital. 

I studied exact half graduation of civil engeneering and decided to change my career. As I love logic and solving problems, I only appreciated math's related subjects, which was one of the things that made me realize that I was in the wrong profession.

As much as I have knowledge of frontend, I intend to specialize in backend development, so I'm currently studyng at Trybe and learning other technologies for my own. I will start computation science's graduation in august, where I pretend to build solid foundations to become a excellent professional in the future. 

## 🌎 Find me elsewhere

[💼 LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/felipe-vahia-malliagros/) <br>
:mailbox: felipevahia@gmail.com <br>
:telephone_receiver: +55 (21) 99189-8546

## 🛠️ Hard Skills

<div style="display: inline_block">
  <img align="center" alt="felipemalli-Js" height="30" width="100" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black">
  <img align="center" alt="felipemalli-Ts" height="30" width="100" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white">
  <img align="center" alt="felipemalli-React" height="30" width="100" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB">
  <img align="center" alt="felipemalli-HTML" height="30" width="100" src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/7a6cbdfb7f27165fd8e8a8a802b424a3ed61bee3583af3fb905e598f714ef9ad/68747470733a2f2f696d672e736869656c64732e696f2f62616467652f2d48544d4c2d4533344632363f7374796c653d666f722d7468652d6261646765266c6f676f3d68746d6c35266c6f676f436f6c6f723d7768697465">
  <img align="center" alt="felipemalli-CSS" height="30" width="100" src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/2a110c99be16f2df1956a169a270f4084e7a346f1c5f7b8cacdee39839520498/68747470733a2f2f696d672e736869656c64732e696f2f62616467652f2d4353532d3135373242363f7374796c653d666f722d7468652d6261646765266c6f676f3d63737333266c6f676f436f6c6f723d7768697465">
  <img align="center" alt="felipemalli-NodeJS" height="30" width="100" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-43853D?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white">
  <img align="center" alt="felipemalli-Express" height="30" width="100" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white">
  <img align="center" alt="felipemalli-MySQL" height="30" width="100" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-005C84?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white">
  <img align="center" alt="felipemalli-Docker" height="30" width="100" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white">
  <img align="center" alt="felipemalli-Redux" height="30" width="100" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Redux-593D88?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white">
  <img align="center" alt="felipemalli-Mocha" height="30" width="100" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Mocha-8D6748?style=for-the-badge&logo=Mocha&logoColor=white">
  <img align="center" alt="felipemalli-Chai" height="30" width="100" src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/29e2e570d5070876a8caeae59e4b26b45a3525559d81d17d5f2893f7da93e029/68747470733a2f2f696d672e736869656c64732e696f2f62616467652f436861692d6637653963383f7374796c653d666f722d7468652d6261646765266c6f676f3d6d6f636861266c6f676f436f6c6f723d613834643435">
  <img align="center" alt="felipemalli-Jest" height="30" width="100" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Jest-C21325?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=white">
  <img align="center" alt="felipemalli-Sequelize" height="30" width="100" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Sequelize-52B0E7?style=for-the-badge&logo=Sequelize&logoColor=white">
   <img align="center" alt="felipemalli-NestJS" height="30" width="100" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/nestjs-E0234E?style=for-the-badge&logo=nestjs&logoColor=white">
   <img align="center" alt="felipemalli-Prisma" height="30" width="100" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Prisma-3982CE?style=for-the-badge&logo=Prisma&logoColor=white">
   <img align="center" alt="felipemalli-MongoDB" height="30" width="100" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-4EA94B?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white"><br>

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/felipemalli">
  <br>
    <img align="center" height="140em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=felipemalli&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=nord" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/felipemalli">
    <img align="center" height="140em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=felipemalli&hide=css&langs_count=8&theme=nord&layout=compact" />
  </a>
</div>
